okay what's up guys so I'm gonna review
the quarter-mile cannon the city slicker
version today as you can see it's their
smallest version I've had it for I think
about a month now maybe two months so I
tried to get this video up sooner but
just got busy so the black part here is
the actual city slicker and then the
white attachment here is the tennis ball
attachment so I first just had the city
slicker worked awesome with potatoes so
I wanted to check out this tennis ball
attachment and see how this worked looks
awesome
so I'm going to keep this on here while
I show it to you today so what you get
when you order it out of the box the
chamber here the barrel and then the
igniter which is the same as CDs and
like a camping lantern and that's got
two Flint's included in it this is a
separate purchase but well worth it the
whole thing kicks ass I just want to
show one of the shows you guys want to
show you how it works real quick here I
saw some negative feedback from some
people saying it didn't work if it's if
this doesn't work for you it's
definitely a user issue and a
troubleshooting thing follow the
directions make sure you're using
hairspray for fuel play with the mixture
get it right
make sure your Flint's working and make
sure everything's together tight if you
do that should work nine times out of
ten at least
actually ninety-nine times out of a
hundred so now that I showed you this
show you how it works real quick simply
drop the tennis ball in here fits nice
and snug
push it down then I'll use Aqua Net
because this is what I used to use to
make my hair look like the new ice when
I was 12 but it's still awesome it's
gonna fill a barrel for three seconds
and then I'm gonna cap the end
no screws on all right now you're going
to hold the barrel plate right here and
then once you put it so you're gonna
kind of try and solve the ball all I'm
going to do is twist the ignition and
there it's going to go
so that's about as far as it usually
goes I've measured that out that's about
165 feet but you got to remember I've
got it at about an 80 degree angle I
live in a neighborhood as you can see
and so I'm not going to be firing at the
street at anything and I want it to go
through anyone's windows or certainly
not hit somebody so I fired straight up
in the air like that like I said almost
90 degrees 80 degrees and still went
about 165 feet you can tell get a hell
of a report on it that really got louder
once I put the tennis ball attachment on
I assumed because that made the
compressed barrel from here to here
instead of just this part and so I think
just by virtue of having a larger
chamber it's uh made a louder so it is
awesome you saw it you know flick the
second time probably think it a good
spark the first time
works every time I highly recommend the
product if you got any questions let me
know otherwise pick it up on Amazon get
a great price on it and that's it thanks
a lot for watching